the basket is totally empty my cousin
neighbors ate all the candy well either
that or uh Joey did you eat all the
neighbor candy uh well yeah that was the
plan but by the time I got to it there's
only a couple pieces left yes they've
been coming by all day they love it they
love my candy oh man I gotta go make
more do I want to make some more lasagna
too because something might have no huge
chunk of it what the neighbors ate all
my candy mine stole my newspaper and
it's like a crime wave Pheebs you uh you
got a second sure yeah
never since you told me that story about
that bike I couldn't stop thinking about
it I mean everyone should have a first
bike you know so I love it oh I love you
not that way
but the bike got you a lot closer oh
well uh take it downstairs you don't
give it a test drive
oh hey oh my god my first bike thank you
for the best present I've ever gotten
you're welcome oh and Chandler's about
to cry I'm not
[Music]
this is tweeted me to get Phoebe that
bike I heard the story I almost cried
almost cried huh hear that Chandler
almost cried
hey you cry every time somebody talks
about Titanic those two had only each
other
Phoebe really likes the bike oh yeah I
started walking it down the street the
other day she does things with flowers
in the basket is so cute mmm yeah that's
our this morning walking it by the park
wait a minute she was walking the bike
both times
hey Pheebs hi Hey
sure you enjoying the bike Oh uh-huh so
much if you were you do know how to ride
a bike don't you
of course can we see you ride it okay
see
but can we please try it again I mean he
was so close baby well I would love to
but the bike got stolen and the police
have no suspects Phoebe what what the
hell
all right you know what if you're not
going to learn how to ride this fight
that I'm sorry I'm just gonna have to
take it back what why because because
it's it's it'd be like you having this
guitar and and never playing it
okay this guitar wants to be played and
and this bike wants to be ridden and and
if you don't write it you're killing its
spirit the bike is dying all right if
you care enough to make up that load of
crap okay yeah great you're making the
bike very happy okay Ross buddy I never
thought I'd be able to do that thank you
brother
oh hey don't thank me thank yourself
you're the one who faced your fears and
ultimately overcame them don't be so
corny Ross it's not an after-school
special